feat: use new setting to set ce_source (#305)
openedx/openedx-events: CHANGELOG.rst

Unreleased
----------

[9.3.0] - 2024-01-24
--------------------
Changed
~~~~~~~

> * Choose new EVENT_BUS_APP_NAME setting over SERVICE_VARIANT for data source

Reviewer: I thought you were replacing. How about something like?
```suggestion
* Allow new EVENT_BUS_APP_NAME setting to override SERVICE_VARIANT for data source.
```
